I was up late last night watching this
impeachment and then like two minutes
after I went to bed we had an earthquake
and then an hour later my daughter woke
up with growing pains and then two hours
later she woke up again to tell us I
feel like I'm gonna throw up
which is how I felt watching the
impeachment trial so it kind of came
full circle neither of us threw up
fortunately the earthquake wasn't a big
earthquake but we definitely felt it and
I still even though it wasn't a big deal
I still got a glass of water out of the
toilet just to prepare myself for the
next time you know the first thing I do
now when there's an earthquake I get my
phone I go on Twitter why I don't know I
cuz I just look at it it's a bunch of
people going earthquake and I'm like
yeah our democracy is on shaky ground
right now two Democrats today be there
opening arguments in the impeachment
trial which opening if those are the
opening arguments what the hell was that
13 hours I watched yesterday the Senate
pulled an all-nighter last night they
didn't finish until 2 a.m. because they
cannot agree on anything so late last
night someone had an idea to get some
agreement going Chuck Schumer the House
Minority Leader asked for a vote that we
give John Roberts the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court the power to decide
who would get subpoenaed and who
wouldn't and all the Republicans voted
no on that they won't even allow the
conservative head of the Supreme Court
who was appointed by a Republican
president make decision because they
don't want to hear what Trump did they
just want to let him off with their eyes
closed and their fingers in their ear so
the Democrats chose the president's
favorite Adam Schiff to kick things off
today Schiff spoke for two and a half
hours and made a very persuasive case he
had visual aids and everything it was a
real abuse of PowerPoint presentation he
laid out a ton of evidence against the
president much of its sound bites of
Trump himself and he invoked the
founding fathers in their words a lot
Schiff quoted Hamilton so many times
today he was nominated for five Tony
Awards
a ship's boat and a number of Democrats
vote very passionately there were some
riveting stuff to everyone other than
Mitch McConnell if I may what I was
going to suggest was at 6:30
we took a 30-minute break for dinner
okay if that yes so break at 6:30 okay
what I was gonna say yes was a break for
dinner at 6:30 for about 30 minutes then
right yeah yeah we will somebody get
grandpa to Golden Corral already he a
lot more time for dinner than witnesses
at this trial some of the center's are
said to be having trouble staying awake
but since cameras are controlled by the
Senate we don't get to see that we have
to rely on a courtroom sketch artist to
show us what is going on offstage this
is a sketch of surreal this is a senator
Jim Risch of Idaho by the way where's
that my pillow lunatic when the
Republicans actually need him a
spokesman for Senator Risch said he
wasn't sleeping
he was just listening closely which is
exactly what my grandmother used to say
when she was sleeping but if he did not
off I don't blame him Democrats have a
clear strategy in place they believe
that if they talk for long enough Mitch
McConnell will eventually die of old age
and they'll have a shot at a real trial
there are reports from the Washington
Post that say Democrats are talking
about making a deal with Republicans to
be able to call witnesses the idea being
they would get to call someone like John
Bolton in exchange for someone like
hunter Biden I didn't realize witnesses
were like pokemon cards is it I'll give
you a shara zard for left partes but at
one point last night justice roberts had
to admonish both sides for what he
called some kind of ungentlemanly
behavior it was tense but there were
light moments too including this very
funny one-liner from White House Counsel
Pat sip alone President Trump is a man
of his word
get him a Netflix comedy special fast so
the president himself wasn't here he's
in Switzerland for the past two days at
the World Economic Forum where he
weighed in on his trial and said another
stupid thing he said he felt confident
that he would be acquitted because we
have all the material they don't have
the material but because he refuses to
turn any of the documents and evidence
over he cannot help but brag even if it
hurts him
he can't keep that big orange mouth shut
the president also elaborated on the
fact that in 1999 he criticized attorney
Ken Starr who is now his attorney during
Bill Clinton's impeachment called Starr
a lunatic and a disaster so they asked
why he said that and what he thinks of
Ken Starr now so Ken Starr is a terrific
man I did make that statement because
frankly I didn't think that Bill Clinton
should have been impeached I didn't know
Ken but what I did know is he was very
smart he was very tough he was very
talented but in a certain way I was
sticking up for Clinton for Bill Clinton
and you know I felt I sort of still feel
that way I mean what he did was nothing
good there was a lot of lying going on
there were a lot of things a lot of bad
things now with me there's no lying
there's no nothing they have nothing
they don't even have a crime but Trump
not only does he keep saying he made a
perfect call he believes this
impeachment has been in the works for a
very long time our country has been tied
up with this hoax from the day I came
down the escalator maybe start taking
the stairs then I don't know he loves
talking about that escalator he's
referring to when he announced his
candidacy back in 2015 at Trump Tower he
came down the escalator this is
something he likes to reminisce about a
lot this has gone on since the day I
came down the escalator it's been going
on from before I came down the escalator
from the day I came down the escalator
before I came down the ESCO
later before I took that great escalator
ride down since June 16th the famous
escalator ride June 16th down the
escalator remember the famous escalator
ride June 16th coming down that
ride we came down the escalator to that
famous escalator ride the famous
escalator ride coming down that now very
famous escalator when I came down the
famous escalator ride I came down that
escalator that beautiful escalator I
came down
beautiful escalator we went down that
escalator and here we are here we are
that's right his mouth says escalator
but his hand says waterslide and it's
weird to think this whole disaster of a
presidency could have been avoided if
somebody had just put one of these
[Applause]
today by the way also happens to be the
president in first lady's 15th
anniversary which they celebrated by
being 4,000 miles away from each other
Milania Milania actually had a candlelit
dinner tonight but only because it's
dark in the tunnel she's digging and
this kind of tells you all you need to
know Donald Trump today set his all-time
his personal record for most tweets in a
day since he became president he tweeted
more than 140 times today not one of
those times was about his anniversary
but he did promote Ted Cruz's new
podcast so that was important you know
what he's not really a social media kind
of guy that wasn't the be best story of
the day though this way this is who I
would love to see the Senate call as a
witness maybe the most ridiculous
character in this Ukraine soap opera of
many ridiculous characters yet is a
politician named Robert Hyde he's a big
Trump supporter he's running for
Congress in Connecticut he was on the
other end of some very suspicious text
messages with Rudy Giuliani's dirt
digger left partes the texts indicate
that he was having the now former US
ambassador to Ukraine the one Trump got
rid of followed so Hyde was on CNN last
night presumably to explain this to
Chris Cuomo but that is not exactly how
it played out the decision to start
being involved with him about what was
going on with the then US ambassador to
Ukraine how did that happen well first
off I'd like to say I brought you a gift
a hide for Congress fun pop-up
appreciate it they I brought a blue one
for you I like it Thanks absolutely help
me understand number two is this is my
third interview ever first time live on
TV I just want the public to know that I
just brought notes just because thank
your notes I mean I didn't if you notice
I'm not sweating like love I've been
here all night you called me last night
while I was in bed I agree to it this
morning appreciate it I apologized Eric
Bolling my man I was supposed to him
first
hopefully he lets me back on some day I
brought notes from the crown closet not
the Ritz like love you guys put me in
the crowd so I just made these notes
pretty much in the bathroom well this
this is off to a rollicking started and
it only got better from there but I want
to thank you and CNN for this
opportunity I want to thank President
Trump in the US military for providing
us the blanket of freedom to do this
show I want to congratulate Jared Derek
Jeter that was huge absolutely all right
but hold on hold on I'm almost finished
please trace apparel for make me look
good mr. almost done and honestly I just
I would like to apologize on behalf of
Republicans to myself for the
name-calling that happened with you and
your daughter at that bar but that guy
that you know don't worry so I would
like to say that I never have called you
those names I don't see it in you it's
like every word is like the world's most
embarrassing best man's speech and for
quick Chris Cuomo he had to work very
hard to get to the reason that this guy
was there which was to talk about Lev
partes here's what I'm doing ready
okay so let's how much time do we have
not so carnist economy let me tell you
something this is what I really miss
Chris Farley the most at times like this
right there and then after eating up a
good chunk of time saying nothing Robert
Hyde had the temerity to ask for more
time for just asking you some questions
about facts and I appreciate you giving
me the information yeah can we can we
have a few more minutes no I gotta go I
gotta go too I would like let's I mean
we got it let me do this
largest tax cuts I'll talk to you after
seven nine jobs for the president this
is about the impeachment he'll make the
case for him well where's the bribery
where's the where's the treason that is
transcript that's the case for the
Senators mic I got him right read the
transcripts I'll talk to you about it in
the black and white like Michael Jackson
I hear
Chris Cuomo is like no beat it like
Michael Jackson so there you go our next
Republican nominee for president right
there hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that
you are a box